Great rehearsal, you guys.
-Hey, thanks.
-Bring it on.
l can't believe
we're actually going to be performing
for the President of the United States.
This is so cool!
Did you see that?
The new guy touched me.
Didn't anybody tell him?
Hello! Never touch the star.
Never, ever, ever.
Gotcha.
We do that to all the new dancers.
Hope you're not mad at me.
Try totally humiliated.
l'm so out of here.
-Jeremy.
-Gotcha back.
You're good.
Good enough to go
to a movie with tonight?
-l'd like that.
-Me, too.
l'm in the mood for a comedy
or maybe something
where Taye Diggs takes his shirt off.
Either one works for me.
Jeremy, this is my bodyguard, Roxy.
That's right, and it's my job to protect
Hannah Montana from danger,
all kinds of danger.
Know what l'm saying, dancer boy?
l think you do.
come on!
You get the limo out front
Hottest styles, every shoe
every colour
Yeah, when you're famous
it can be kind of fun
lt's really you
but no one ever discovers
Who would have thought
that a girl like me
Would double as a superstar?
You get the best of both worlds
chill it out, take it slow
Then you rock out the show
You get the best of both worlds
Mix it all together
And you know that
it's the best of both worlds
So, how was the date?
Mine or hers?
Free refills,
Taye took his shirt off twice.
l'd give it two thumbs up,
but l don't wanna let go of my bucket.
Dad, he is never
gonna ask me out again.
Honey, you say that about every boy
you and Roxy date.
Do l even need to tell you
what's wrong with that sentence?
Sense of humour,
that's gonna help you later in life.
Now, you are singing
for the President tomorrow.
You need to get your rest,
and l need to go home
and find my bullet-proof pantyhose.
Keeps bullets out, keeps Roxy in.
Dad, this night was a disaster.
l'm sure it wasn't that bad.
l bet the boy had a good time.
Dad, Roxy put a bell around his arm.
So every time he tried to make a move,
it went...
Exactly how many times
did the boy ''ding''?
lt doesn't matter, Daddy.
Every time he went ''ding,''
she went, ''Don't,'' and l went, ''Dang!''
Well, honey, Roxy's just doing her job.
To be honest with you, l agree with her,
'cause when it comes to girls,
boys will say
and do just about anything.
No, no, Julie. l'm serious.
l am a professional motocross racer.
Heck, yeah.
l'm working on my bike right now.
Listen to that engine purr.
Julie? Julie?
Man, how could she not believe me?
l'm guessing you puréed
when you should've liquefied.
Of course.
Dad, not all boys are like that.
l bet you didn't lie to girls.
Well, honey,
when you got a head of hair like this,
you don't have to.
Everybody makes mistakes
Everybody has those days
One, two, three, four
Everybody makes mistakes
Everybody has those days
Everybody knows what
what l'm talking about
Everybody gets that way
l have a visual on Montana.
Repeat, l have a visual on Montana.
Yes, l'll get her autograph, Mom.
Bring in the President.
Wow, the President! Sushi. Lola likey.
Mr President, Sophie,
l'd like to introduce you to my daughter,
Hannah Montana.
Hold, please. And go.
And we're clear.
l can't believe
l'm meeting Hannah Montana.
l'm meeting America's angel.
As leader of the free world,
may l say your concert was off the hook
and you were the bomb?
Daddy, keep it real or keep it quiet.
What?
Just because l live in the White Hizzle
doesn't mean l got no sizzle.
Don't worry, sweetie.
All dads are embarrassing.
Yeah, but yours never stopped
a motorcade because he saw a horsey.
Now, Sophie,
horses have owners and owners vote,
and l got to feed him a carrot.
Don't you love it when those big,
fat hairy lips
just tickle the palm of your hand?
That's my favourite part.
Sushi! President likey.
Watch this.
The Japanese ambassador loves this.
Roxy, what are you doing?
Really, there's enough for everyone.
Enough to get you sick.
l'm sorry, sir, but what we have here
is a case of fish gone funky.
Excuse me?
Oh, boy.
The salmon's coming back upstream.
Amazing.
A nose like that
should be working for the
President of the United States.
l'm honoured, sir,
but l can't leave Hannah.
-Sure you can.
-What?
l mean,
you cannot pass up
an opportunity like this.
He's the President of the United States.
Not bad! Up top, Miss Montana!
Up top, Mr Prez.
But, Roxy, your country needs
your keen sense of smell.
l mean, sour milk, bad bologna?
This honker is the only thing
that can keep your President
on the job and off the john.
l can appreciate that, but l still
don't think that l should, you know...
Whee doggies!
That's a nice outfit, Son.
l hadn't seen that much leather
since your grandma got all gussied up
for singles' bingo.
Dad! Dad! Dad!
Now if you'll excuse me,
l'm on my way to Julie's to tell her
l just took fourth place in the big race.
Well, why not just tell her you won?
Because this way l don't even need
to show her a trophy.
Always thinking.
You see, Miley? lf l take that job,
who's gonna protect you
from boys who are ''always thinking''?
l mean, l've had your back
ever since we met down at Wig City.
No, no, no, no, no.
l don't think so.
All right, this is getting
to be downright painful.
l'll be right back.
-Now we cooking with gas.
-l love it!
Hey, Mile.
What do you think of this one?
l'm guessing you the daddy.
Don't worry. l'll help him next.
lt kind of looks like Aunt Pearl when
she gets back from the beauty shop.
l know,
and you've changed my life, too,
but let's face it, Roxy.
This schnoz is bigger
than the both of us.
-You want me to go, don't you?
-No, l don't.
Yes, you do,
'cause l'm all up in your business.
Look me in the eye
and tell me that isn't true.
Okay, fine it is. l'm a girl. l have needs.
Please tell me you just said
you're a girl who has knees.
Roxy, it's not that l want you to go.
l don't.
l just need a little space.
Sure. l give you a little space
and something happens to you.
That's not the way Roxy rolls.
Well, l'm tired of Roxy
rolling all over my life.
Hey, speaking of rolls,
why don't l heat up some sweet ones?
And then we can get all buttered up,
and we'll sit back
and be reasonable about this.
l don't need to be reasonable.
l just need to protect Hannah Montana,
and if l can't do it full-out Roxy,
l can't do it at all.
Well, then maybe you shouldn't.
Well, if that's the way you want it,
then l'm happy to oblige.
Goodbye, Miss Montana.
l blame myself.
l should've offered up
my sticky buns sooner.
lt's not your fault, Daddy.
We'll find a bodyguard better
than Roxy. One that understands my
knees.
These babies, right here. Yeah.
So, tell us something about yourself
and what qualifies you
to be Hannah Montana's bodyguard.
l love your music.
l love what you stand for,
youth, innocence and fun,
and if anybody threatens that,
l'll rip their guts out
and feed them to the pigeons.
l'm the bodyguard you want!
l'm the bodyguard you need!
Thank you, Mr Annihilator.
There's a lot of bad hombres out there
looking to pump up the party.
Well, l got one question for them.
You got nerve?
Well, do you, punk? Do you?
Thank you, Mr Mysterious Stranger.
Well, that fits.
Let me make one thing
abundantly clear, princess.
Anybody comes within
spitting distance of you,
we're gonna have to go for a little ride
and maybe have a little conversation.
Agabish?
And what l'm gonna say is,
bada-bing, bada-boom,
end of story, forget about it.
Thank you, Mr...
-There's no name here.
-You don't need to know my name.
Well, Mile,
you've seen over 30 bodyguards.
-There must be one you like.
-There is,
and l kept seeing her
in everyone that came in.
-You miss Roxy, don't you?
-Yes.
l made a mistake, Dad.
l mean,
sometimes she gets on my last nerve,
but she's family.
Well, the President
doesn't leave town till tomorrow,
so you've got time to go to the hotel
and talk to her.
Come on, Dad.
She's never gonna come back
after the things l said.
You never know till you try, bud.
Stranger things have happened.
You got that right.
Come on, Julie. l swear.
l would have shown you the bike,
but l crashed it.
See, here's the handlebars.
Come on, girl. Don't walk so fast.
l'm getting a thigh rash.
Rico, do a dude a favour.
Run down to the store
and get me some baby powder.
Jackson, l say this because l care.
You're pathetic!
The First Daughter was so excited
when you called.
Well, l thought teaching
America's angel one of my songs
would be a great way
to serve my country.
She's such a giver.
Sophie will be here momentarily.
Until then, you have permission
to play with the dolls.
lt's a lot of fun l've been told.
Okay.
While l'm waiting,
l think l'm just gonna go say hi
to one of my old bodyguards.
That's a negative.
-Are you sure?
-That's a positive.
l have orders to keep Hannah Montana
in this room.
Orders from a seven-year-old.
Tomorrow we go to Make a Moose.
Well, this is great.
Now, we're stuck in here.
No, Hannah's stuck in here.
-You don't have a clue, do you?
-Not one.
Hannah, check it out!
l look just like you.
Wow!
You look more like me than l do.
Let's learn that new song.
Everybody makes mistakes
Everybody has those days
Roxy?
Roxy? Roxy? Oh, boy.
There you are. Well, you're early.
l am?
Well, then why don't l just go away
and come back then? Toodles!
Oh, no, no, no.
l know how in demand you are.
l hear you're the finest dog whisperer
on the West Coast.
Dog whisperer?
Poor Humphrey. He won't eat,
and he's sadder
than the vice President
when he heard l passed my physical.
Can you help him, please?
l'd love to,
but l just got an emergency call.
Bashful beagle in Beverly Hills.
So sad. Toodles.
Please. You're my last hope,
and l'm not asking as the President.
l'm asking as a loving dog owner,
who can get you a ride
on Air Force One.
Yes, Mr President.
l guess l'll just whisper to the dog.
Where's Roxy?
-What's that?
-Please.
Let me do my job.
l don't tell you how to run the country.
Point made. Carry on.
Yes. Yes.
l'll tell him. Okay.
He's sick of his dog food.
Kibble, kibble, kibble.
Boring!
You're amazing.
Can l get room service?
This is
the President of the United States.
Yes, l'll hold.
And so will you.
Well, look at that. There it is.
Looks delicious.
And we're back to toodles. See ya.
Well, no, no. Wait a second.
He's still not eating.
Okay, okay.
Humphrey, all your favourites.
Boiled liver.
Ox tongue stew. Yeah.
Calf-brains fricassee.
l think he knows you're faking.
You have got to be kidding me.
l'd do it myself,
but l just had my teeth whitened,
and l can't afford a meat stain.
l'd better get a medal out of this.
That's some good liver.
Nobody's perfect, no, nobody's perfect
Are you sure you're Hannah Montana?
Why, of course l am.
Why would you ask
a silly question like that?
l don't know.
Because you stink on ice.
Well, what do you expect?
l didn't bring my lights.
l didn't bring my band.
Yeah, you didn't bring
your talent, either.
l just want the Hannah Montana
l saw on stage.
So do l, kid. So do l.
Come on. Eat, puppy, eat.
l'm begging you.
Why don't you try the brains?
lf l had any,
l wouldn't be here right now.
Mr President,
the dog whisperer is here.
Thank you, Agent Obvious.
Well, that's who's out...
Sweet niblets.
Mr President,
l don't know what's going on here,
but l have to tell you...
Wait! Wait, wait.
Humphrey has something
he wants to say.
l can't wait to hear this.
What's that, Humphrey?
The reason you haven't been eating
is because
you miss somebody terribly?
Well, why don't you just tell
that person?
You have, but they wouldn't answer
your phone calls.
l mean, listen to you.
Hold on.
l think l know what's going on here.
-You do?
Of course.
My Humphrey-mumphrey misses me.
l've been so busy,
l've been ignoring you, haven't l, boy?
Now hold on, Mr President.
Maybe it wasn't your fault.
Maybe Humphrey was being
disobedient, stubborn
and a little bratty.
Oh, yeah? Well, Humphrey says
he was just trying to be a dog,
and sometimes dogs
need to be let off their leash.
But what if that dog runs off
and gets itself into all kinds of trouble?
Well, you've got to trust
that you've trained it well enough
to know right from wrong.
And you have.
-What's that, buddy?
-He said he loves you.
And he knows that you love him, too.
l do. l do.
And we're going to be spending
a lot more time together, starting now.
Come on, buddy.
l saw a French poodle in the lobby,
and she's quite the hottie.
Come on. Come on.
-l do love you, Roxy.
-And l love you.
That's why l want to protect you.
l know, but maybe...
Maybe l do it
a little too much sometimes?
Roxy, l don't want you out of my life.
l just want you in it a smidge less.
And l know that's not
the way Roxy rolls, but maybe...
Child, you ate dog food for me.
Maybe l can bend a little for you.
So you're not gonna come
on dates with me any more?
No, l'm saying you just won't see me.
-l can live with that.
-So can l.
But what l can't live with
is that doggie breath. Stanky!
But you still cute.
Hey, Daddy, look who's back.
Of course l'm back.
The President and his daughter
are wonderful people,
but they're not family.
l was there two days, not a single hug.
Well, let me just take care
of that right now.
lt's good to have you back.
l'm not done.
Two whole days, Robby Ray!
Miley, why are you dressed up
like Lola?
Right, we had to switch
back at the hotel and...
Oh, no. Lilly!
Now we are going to do this
until we get it right.
-Now, one more time from the top.
-But...
-What's that, everyone?
-''Encore. Encore. More. More.''
You heard them.
Now five, six, seven, eight!
Everybody makes mistakes
Everybody has those days
-And l'm having one right now.
-At least you get to go home.
www.tvsubtitles.net